from=z5062448
latitude=-34.0039
message=Dear you\nYou make me believe in love, again and again and again.\nYou will never know that it was me who wrote this, nor will you ever read this (because come on, I'm the cheesy one in this relationship), but I love you so so so much.\nBefore you, I was the biggest cynic towards love. Maybe it was the effect of watching WangFu Production's 'Strangers, Again' too many times, but knowing that a relationship could only ever have two possible outcomes (either it lasts or it doesn't) made me hesitate from ever signing up.\nI told myself, I don't need pain. I want to be happy, always happy.\n\nThen came you.\nI tried, oh how I tried to stop my heart from becoming yours but somehow, despite the hateful rants I had with our friends and the time spent showing the world how in love I was with everyone else except you, you somehow found the time to steal me. Between the fifty-thousand and something facebook messages we've shared, those bus rides where you stood on one side of the bus and I the other, you made me fall for you.\n\nDamn you. When I finally came to realise what you'd done to my heart, it was too late. The first five minutes of a cheesy romance movie had already started rolling.\n\nI told myself this was bad. One day, all was going to come crashing down and I would regret everything, and you'd have moved on, sharing your special smile with someone else while I watched, heartbroken, on the other side of the window pane. Because despite it all, we were best friends. You were there for me the times I drank too much and made a fool of myself, and I'd like to think I'm here for you too, even though you never seem to ask anything of me, other than for me to be happy.\n\nI guess at the end of the day, I'm the bigger coward of the two of us, so afraid to take the leap. But when I did? When I finally dusted away all my confusions and eliminated everyone else, finally made a choice, and stuck with it (you), I realised for the first time how liberated I could be.\n\nLast week I cried so hard over you. You hurt me so much over something so insignificant, but I now see why people who go through bad relationships still stand up and look for new ones, why history has always operated on a vicious cycle - because sometimes, just sometimes, it's really worth it.\nA friend told me yesterday that life isn't always smooth sailing. That friend was right, and now I finally get it. Desensitizing yourself isn't the way to go for protecting yourself from pain or sadness. This is life. You've got to embrace all of it.\n\nSo thank you, my Charlie Gordon, for teaching me how to love. I don’t care any more about whether or not we’ll last, or end up never talking to each other. I never believed in true love, but now I believe in real love, love that’s real at this very second, regardless of how fleeting it may be.\n\nI love you,\n\nAlice Kinnian
time=2013-10-02T06:38:11+0000
longitude=151.2083
